adds release notes for TFE v202203-1 (#2206)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/enterprise/releases/2022/v202203-1.mdx

---
page_title: Releases - Terraform Enterprise
---

# TFE Release v202203-1 (607)

## UPCOMING DEPRECATION NOTICES:

The Terraform Enterprise April 2022 release will:

1. Remove the [demo operational mode](https://www.terraform.io/enterprise/before-installing#operational-mode-decision), which is also known as the proof of concept (PoC) operational mode. The mounted disk operational mode will replace the demo operational mode for both non-production and production Terraform Enterprise environments. To check which mode your installation is using, run `replicatedctl app-config export --template '{{ .installation_type.Value }}'`. The value `poc` indicates that your installation is using the demo operational mode. The April 2022 release notes will contain more information about how to migrate.
1. Update the names of containers, which may break container monitoring or custom tooling that identifies containers by name. The April 2022 release notes will explain these name changes in more detail and provide a complete list of old and new container names.

> 1. Change the default value of [`restrict_worker_metadata_access`](https://www.terraform.io/enterprise/install/automated/automating-the-installer#restrict_worker_metadata_access) to 1 (true) instead of 0 (false). If you rely on the instance metadata endpoint (and make use of its instance profile), you must explicitly set the `restrict_worker_metadata_access` configuration flag in `replicated.conf` to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the default value of [`restrict_worker_metadata_access`](https://www.terraform.io/enterprise/install/automated/automating-the-installer#restrict_worker_metadata_access) to 1 (true) instead of 0 (false). If you rely on the instance metadata endpoint and make use of its instance profile, you must explicitly set the `restrict_worker_metadata_access` configuration flag in `replicated.conf` to 0.
```

## APPLICATION LEVEL BREAKING CHANGES:

> 1. The minimum required Replicated version is now 2.53.4. Airgap customers can download the latest version of Replicated from this [url](https://install.terraform.io/airgap/latest.tar.gz).

Reviewer: I think if we're going to talk about the URL, we should list it out in the text. We don't recommend making "url" or "link" the hyperlink text, if that makes sense.

```suggestion
1. The minimum required Replicated version is now 2.53.4. Airgap customers can visit this URL to download the latest Replicated version: [https://install.terraform.io/airgap/latest.tar.gz](https://install.terraform.io/airgap/latest.tar.gz).
```

## APPLICATION LEVEL FEATURES:

> 1. Added the ability to [archive configuration versions](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/workspaces/configurations#archiving-configuration-versions) either automatically or manually in order to free up storage space and limit the amount of sensitive data stored in Terraform Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Archive configuration versions](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/workspaces/configurations#archiving-configuration-versions) either automatically or manually to free up storage space and limit the amount of sensitive data stored in Terraform Enterprise.
```

Author: Going to leave the past tense for now.

> 2. Improved the performance and reliability when destroying workspaces.

Reviewer: What does this mean/why is this awesome and included in our release notes? Was there a problem before? I just want a statement of value to the user

> 3. Changed documentation link on preparing a module repository.

Reviewer: do we really need this? This feels minor enough that it's not necessary. If it is necessary to mention, can we give a link?

Author: Removed.

> 4. Private providers are now supported in the private registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [Publish private providers](/cloud-docs/registry/publish-providers) to an organization's Terraform Cloud private registry. Once you have published a private provider through the API, members of your organization can search for it in the private registry UI and use it in configurations.
```

> 5. Added API endpoints for [downloading configuration versions](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/api-docs/configuration-versions#download-configuration-files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Download configuration versions](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/api-docs/configuration-versions#download-configuration-files) through the Terraform Cloud API. A configuration version is a resource used to reference the uploaded configuration files that are associated with the Terraform runs.
```

Author: Going to leave the past tense for now.

> 1. Added [Variable Sets](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/api-docs/variable-sets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Variable Sets](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/api-docs/variable-sets) let you reuse the same variables across multiple workspaces. For example, you could define a variable set of provider credentials and automatically apply it to all of the workspaces using that provider. 
```

Author: Going to leave the past tense for now.

Reviewer: okay! but could we please add in the extra context? Regardless of how this starts out, all of my suggested changes contain additional context. Is it possible to add that additional context in? I think it will be really helpful for users.

1. Added html and/or plain text versions to all account-related emails.

## APPLICATION LEVEL BUG FIXES:

1. Fixed response code for JSON parse errors.
2. Fixed API dasherizing state output keys when the top level output type is an array containing maps.
3. Fixed 500 error when fetching admin organization that does not exist.
1. Fixed syntax error when setting a Terraform variable to `null`.

> 1. Fixed Tag creation dates that are now displayed correctly.

Reviewer: In general, I'd want to see a bit more context on these. For example - where was JSON parsing failing? What was wrong with tag creation dates?

## APPLICATION LEVEL SECURITY FIXES:

> 1. Ongoing container updates to address reported vulnerabilities in underlying packages / dependencies, including OpenSSL-related [CVE-2022-0778](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2022-0778).

Reviewer: We don't need a numbered list if there is only one item! :-) 

```suggestion
Ongoing container updates to address reported vulnerabilities in underlying packages / dependencies, including OpenSSL-related [CVE-2022-0778](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2022-0778).
```
